README.md, before:

# Collecting Data


## Description
This project aims to collect data for the real estate company "ImmoEliza" in order to create a Machine Learning model for price predictions on real estate sales in Belgium. The goal is to build a dataset with information about at least 10,000 properties from all over Belgium. The dataset will be used as a training set for the prediction model.

## Installation

![python version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.x-blue)
![Beautiful Soup](https://img.shields.io/badge/beatiful_soup_4-green)
![Requests](https://img.shields.io/badge/requests-orange)
![httpx](https://img.shields.io/badge/httpx-red)
![asyncio](https://img.shields.io/badge/asyncio-darkblue)
![pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-pink)

To use the code, you need to have the following requirements:
- Python 3.x
- Requests library:(Library for making HTTP requests.`pip install requests`)
- BeautifulSoup library:(Python library for web scraping and parsing HTML.`pip install beautifulsoup4`)
- Pandas library:(Library for data manipulation and analysis.`pip install pandas`)
- HTTPX library:(Async HTTP client for making asynchronous requests.`pip install httpx`)

## Usage
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Install the required dependencies mentioned in the installation section.
3. Run the `main.py` file.
4. The program will fetch data from: https://www.immoweb.be/en.
5. The extracted data will be stored in a CSV file named `final-csv.csv`.

## Contributors
. Henrique Rauen
. Muhammad Firdausyi
. Fatemeh Loni

## Timeline
The project took approximately 4 days to complete.

## Personal Situation
This project was completed as part of the AI Bootcamp at BeCode.org.

Commit message:

Add image to README and to REPO

README.md, after:

# Collecting Data


## Description
This project aims to collect data for the real estate company "ImmoEliza" in order to create a Machine Learning model for price predictions on real estate sales in Belgium. The goal is to build a dataset with information about at least 10,000 properties from all over Belgium. The dataset will be used as a training set for the prediction model.

![image](assets/image.png)

## Installation

![python version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.x-blue)
![Beautiful Soup](https://img.shields.io/badge/beatiful_soup_4-green)
![Requests](https://img.shields.io/badge/requests-orange)
![httpx](https://img.shields.io/badge/httpx-red)
![asyncio](https://img.shields.io/badge/asyncio-darkblue)
![pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-pink)

To use the code, you need to have the requirements above.
You can install them manually using `pip install <library name>` or just running `pip install requirements.txt`.

## Usage
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Install the required dependencies mentioned in the installation section.
3. Run the `main.py` file.
4. The program will fetch data from: https://www.immoweb.be/en.
5. The extracted data will be stored in a CSV file named `final-csv.csv`.

## Contributors
. Henrique Rauen
. Muhammad Firdausyi
. Fatemeh Loni

## Timeline
The project took approximately 4 days to complete.

## Personal Situation
This project was completed as part of the AI Bootcamp at BeCode.org.
